Let's go back to our non-blocking code.
Let's say we make an API call while we were
waiting for the result the thread moves on to complete the rest of the program.
But what happens when that API result comes back?
How does our program handle going back to pick up a task it previously skipped over?
This is where callbacks come into asynchronous programming.
We know that in JavaScript,
functions are first-class citizens,
meaning they can be saved to variables,
returned from functions and passed as arguments to other functions.
What if we gave our API call a specific instruction,
when you get a response back,
do x, and the x is a function.
The function will get added to the event queue and
executed once the current task on the queue is complete.
If you take a look at this example from the previous set of challenges,
you can see that we've already been using callbacks this whole time.
Log B is a function that is scheduled to be called after the two-second wait time.
The two-second wait time is happening on another thread but
here log B gets us back into the main thread,
same with log C. Log B and log C are the callbacks we send to the setTimeout function.